# Efficient-KSP-Search
Hunter College implementation of Single Source K Diverse Shortest Paths Algorithm, from the paper "Protein Fold Recognition Using a Modified Single Source K Diverse Shortest Paths Algorithm" (http://onlinelibrary.wiley.com/doi/10.1002/prot.24993/abstract).<br /><br />

Sample command:<br />
<code>java -jar KSP.jar sample_graph.txt a 2 0.0 10 result.txt RLS imp1 P</code><br />
This loads the graph from sample_graph.txt, sets the source node to the node labeled "a" in the file, sets k=2, lambda=0.0, and h=10, and uses the "RLS" edge scoring function. The command will output the results of the search to "result.txt." Node importance values will be calculated using the built-in "imp1" score. The "P" at the end tells the program to print the actual k paths to the result file, as opposed to only showing the final importance value. (It could be left blank, replaced with "S" to keep track of the algorithm's time and memory usage, or written "PS" to do both.)<br /><br />

See sample_graph.txt for a sample input graph (each line should contain three whitespace-delimited terms, the first two of which represent node names, and the last of which is a number between 0 and 1 representing the similarity between those nodes). See result.txt for a sample result file, generated by the shown sample command.<br /><br />

License:<br />
Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:<br />

1. The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all copies or substantial portions of the Software.<br />

2. The following references should be cited:<br />

(1) Lhota J, Xie L. "Protein fold recognition using an improved single source k diverse shortest paths algorithm.", Proteins. 2016 Jan 21. doi: 10.1002/prot.24993. [Epub ahead of print]<br />

(2) Lhota J, Hauptman R, Hart T, Ng C, Xie L. "A new method to improve network topological similarity search: applied to fold recognition.", Bioinformatics. 2015 Feb 5. doi: 10.1093/bioinformatics/btv125.<br />

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE."<br />
